"For every genius we see rise to glory, there are millions or even billions squandered by society, never to give their ideas to the world" - Vtron (https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJaiJZahtWPOXH7OegWowmA)

"The fruits of the earth belong to everyone. The earth itself belongs to no one" - background in vid (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GjUe6l7Xfg4)

Ignoring differences within groups frequently contributes to tensions among groups." - Kimberle W. Crenshaw

"Virtue would go far if vanity did not keep it company." - La Rochefoucauld

The entire iCarly themesong.

"I would have grieved; over fallen flowers; rather than enjoying the flowers in bloom." - Start-Up on Netflix (Episode 1)

War doesn't prove who's right, just who's left.

"Socialism sounds great in theory. But in practice, you just get couped by the CIA." - 张桓瑜("https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9h7J3saNMjN7t5qeGieJGQ)

"We really let capitalists create the conditions that require charity and then look like heros for giving to charity"

When man calls an animal "vicious", he usually means that it will attempt to defend itself when he tries to kill it.

"There is a secret person undamaged within every individual." - Paul Shepard

"What this legislation hopes to achieve besides fully rewriting actual history is to have guest lecturers from blatantly anti-communist front groups come to schools and inject mccarthy-era cold war rhetoric into the minds of american students starting them on the track to become obedient terrified little worker drones when they complete their state-mandated propaganda education." - JT Chapman (Second Though) (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaIZ9KGlgts)

“Be ruthless with systems; be kind to people.” Michael Brooks – 1983–2020

"The pure (libertarian) socialists' ideological anticipations remain untainted by existing practice. They do not explain how the manifold functions of a revolutionary society would be organized, how external attack and internal sabotage would be thwarted, how bureaucracy would be avoided, scarce resources allocated, policy differences settled, priorities set, and production and distribution conducted. Instead, they offer vague statements about how the workers themselves will directly own and control the means of production and will arrive at their own solutions through creative struggle. No surprise then that the pure socialists support every revolution except the ones that succeed." -Michael Parenti Blackshirts & Reds


"27 cents is apparently the difference between respecting your workers and considering them stupid moraly deficient low skill workers." - Second Thought (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hL5VOorY9pw&ab_channel=SecondThought)

"Labor is prior to and independent of capital. Capital is the only fruit of labor and could never have existed if labor had not first existed. Labor is the superior of capital and deserves much of the higher consideration." - Abraham Lincoln

"The future is a myth created by insurance salesmen and high school counselors."

There it was, this Assembly, the representative of everything dead in France, propped up to the semblance of life by nothing but the swords of the generals of Louis Bonaparte.
Paris all truth,
Versailles all lie; and that lie vented through the mouth of Thiers.
 - Karl Marx The Civil War in France

"The bourgeoisie admits a state to be strong only when it can, by the power of the government apparatus, hurl the people wherever the bourgeois rulers want them hurled. Our idea of strength is different. Our idea that a state is strong when the people are politically conscious. It is strong when the people know everything, can form an opinion of everything and do everything consciously." - Lenin

"It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society"

"Beware he who would deny you access to information, for in his heart, he dreams himself your master."

"The economic anarchy of capitalist society as it exists today is, in my opinion, the real source of the evil." - Albert Einstein.

"Overthrowing the government is only illegal if you fail"

"Stop blaming the victims and start blaming the society."

"Any megalomaniacal jackass can start a law firm, but it takes real talent for that law firm to also make databases." (on Oracle) - NaanFat (https://www.reddit.com/user/NaanFat/)

"Never Build Character with Money & Never Ruin Character for Money."

"If you are disgusted by what you see, and if you feel the fire coursing through your veins, then it’s up to you. You don’t have to be the leader of a global movement or a household name. It can be as small scale as chipping away at the warped power relations in your workplace. It can be passing on knowledge and skills to those who wouldn’t access them otherwise. It can be creative. It can be informal. It can be your job. It doesn’t matter what it is, as long as you’re doing something." - Reni Eddo Lodge (http://renieddolodge.co.uk/)

"The inventor of the lightbulb worked by candlelight"

"When I gave food to the poor, they call me a saint. When I ask why the poor have no food, they call me a communist." - Hélder Câmara

"I honor Lenin as a man who completely sacrificed himself and devoted all his energy to the realization of social justice. I do not consider his methods practical, but one thing is certain: men of his type are the guardians and restorers of the conscience of humanity." - Albert Einstein on Lenin, 1929

"China bad sells a lot" - Viki 1999 (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpOzT7alVK8)

Be cordial or be on your way. —Kenneth Reitz
